Project Repo: https://github.com/kelfro/Intro-Django
Deployed Site: https://my-djorg.herokuapp.com/
##Note - nothing comes up on the deployed site, because that is how the original project was designed. If you leave DEBUG as true, you get an error message saying that there is nothing there and you should go to /admin or /api to see anything. But we were supposed to change DEBUG to false as part of this deployment.
##If you go to my-djorg.herokuapp.com/admin and log in, the admin page comes up looking fine, and the /api page works, too. I took a screenshot of the admin page.

Important Note: Do not start coding a project that requires a lot of local files on one computer, then discover your husband needs it for something work-related, and then begin coding again on another computer without making sure that all of your dependencies are there. Yes, my Pipfile was in the repo but it doesn't do any good if you don't run pipenv install. I guess it doesn't help, either, that both of my computers are set up in exactly the same way so I forgot I wasn't on the same computer and couldn't figure out why I was getting such weird error messages about my databases. (At one point, it was saying it didn't understand what the word DATABASES meant, and then when I fixed that it said that I had an unhashable dict.)

Once I realized I was hopelessly mired in that disaster, I decided to start over from the very beginning - Day 1 of the Intro-Django repo - and work my way through everything from there. I installed all my dependencies, recreated everything, went to the Sprint Challenge repo and followed all the steps.

I had one minor hiccup with whitenoise - the documentation link in the readme was decidedly unhelpful and did not include certain things you need in order for whitenoise to work, like pretty much anything about STATIC_ROOT or STATICFILES_STORAGE. This link was much more helpful: https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/django-assets. Also, this one tells you to include whitenoise in INSTALLED_APPS, which I would have never figured out by myself: https://github.com/evansd/whitenoise/blob/master/docs/django.rst. Fortunately, I was able to fix this all pretty easily.

I already had a Heroku account because I used it for my front/back end javascript project. I hate Heroku - it is such a nightmare when it comes to configuring everything so that you actually have a working deployment. I remember during javascript I wished I had just gotten a server from Digital Ocean or something and deployed there - it would have been so much easier. But I figured it out then, and it was a little easier dealing with all of Heroku's idiosyncrasies this time because I had such a rough time with it before. Seriously, with the back end, I spent about half a day coding, another half a day figuring out mlab, and the entire rest of the week fighting with Heroku. Ugh.

This time, everything went surprisingly well once I started over from scratch. I strongly recommend against ever trying to debug a Heroku deployment - it will only make you cry. If it doesn't work on the first try, it's not going to, so when you get an error, just scrap everything and start over from the beginning.
