# Software Design

## Design Patters

My favorite software design pattern that I have encountered this week is the active object pattern. I encountered this pattern while reviewing a complex application with an acquaintance with whom I liaise with upon occasion. He was demonstrating to me a piece code that utilizes that pattern, and we discussed it in depth. It is my favorite design pattern for the week because of it's ability to implement asynchronous method invocation, effectively decoupling method execution and invocation, achieving concurrency. As we deal with many asynchronous issues in development, this is a valuable pattern to take into consideration at times. Though it's application to JavaScript may be limited, and it is more fit for other popular languages such as Java, the awareness of this pattern, and the simplicity of it's theory and basic execution, makes it a valuable pattern to remember.

## Anti-Patterns

An anti-pattern encountered recently is the race hazard. Even when trained to be cognizant of the problem, and how to implement code to avoid it, this anti-pattern seems to be a common issue to arise when code is asynchronous in an application. I encountered this problem in the full-stack project week (Week 13). As I was still becoming accustomed to dealing with MondoDB, I made some fundamental errors in my Redux actions (not paying enough attention to the API calls), specifically in the fetch blocks, wherein I created a situation where a user could sometimes perform CRUD operations to the notes/db, and the view would not properly update as React Router rerouted to the correct portion of the app, or on the existing page. The updates would only update on the next action that directed to the portion of the SPA wherein the change had occurred. At first I assumed this problem was due to lag time in the deployed server and database, as I had not experienced the issue locally, but I soon discovered that the error was in the fetch calls, and the problem was resolved through the judicious application of promises and other asynchronous methods consistent with best practices in JavaScript and software design/development in general.

populate